Added azure 15.1.1 release (#769)
giantswarm/releases: azure/v15.1.1/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v15.1.1 for Azure :zap:

> This is a bugfix release that solves a bug that prevented clusters to be successfully created on new organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a bugfix release that solves an issue preventing clusters to be successfully created on new organizations.
```
